Inside is the government.
But I don't understand.
Aren't they girlfriends?
Why do you think you re trying so hard?
A heroine.
Your cake.
The cake must be sold out.
It's almost done.
Unfortunately, you come to mathematics.
You have to help me this weekend.
Say hello to me.
I've been resting for days.
The limbs are about to degenerate.
Fit the tendon.
Welcome.
What are you doing here?
Snow Chau
Has General Manager Gu crossed the border yet?
Snow is also taught by you.
What does my name have to do with you?
Your General Manager
Why are you here?
Snow, I ask you.
Have you ever wronged yourself before?
How is that possible?
He's my best friend.
Why are you so late?
I found something.
What the Word did to you.
What's wrong?
See for yourself.